README.md, before:

# Universal-Microscope-LED-Driver-Boards
Hello there!

When I first repaired by BHTU, I was very concerned about the stage the electronics were in. Not only are the parts no longer manufactuered, but most BH2s are now at the point where the internals are starting to fail from failed transformers to cracked solder joints. My BH2 did not ship with a working lamphouse, and a new one would cost more than the scope itself. When I looked for aftermarket LEDs, I found some as much as $500! As a result, I decided to make my own LED solution that prioritizes cost while not sacraficing in performance. As opposed to using super bright LEDs that resemble car headlights that blind you at night, we use a LED with color temperature 4000K closely ressembly the ideal range of a halogen bulb, a warm white that isn't uncomfortable to look at while still not having a attention grabbing yellow hue. I also wanted it to see polished, as opposed to having a bulk external brick and controller for dimming. A secondary goal was to make it compact and "feel integrated" connected to the body of the scope. The electronics are the most specialized part, so I tried my best to make them universal in case someone without a BH2 also has a failing halogen lamp and is looking for a complete LED overhaul. The AC/DC conversion is handled by a external USB-C power supply for safety reasons and compatability so you will not need your old transformer or need to touch any dangerous mains voltages.

Once done prototyping and verifying that the parts have long term reliability, I have around 8 extra boards with the parts needed I am willing to give away for free apart from shipping cost, hoping that this project expands to scopes other than the BH2. Please email me if you are interested in creating housings (3d printed) for other scopes at williamlin108@gmail.com

Our target release date for the first public revision of the board is 12/10/2025.

See the wiki for more specifics on the board revision I am currently working on and roadmap!

<img width="1080" height="1440" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3b50fc2e-781c-4789-bc70-f23d8e17e63b" />
<img width="1080" height="810" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/efcdaa27-3d55-4b47-819f-7d7c540fad8b" />



See the wiki for more details.

Commit message:

Update target release date note in README
Added note about taking requests for board samples.

README.md, after:

# Universal-Microscope-LED-Driver-Boards
Hello there!

When I first repaired by BHTU, I was very concerned about the stage the electronics were in. Not only are the parts no longer manufactuered, but most BH2s are now at the point where the internals are starting to fail from failed transformers to cracked solder joints. My BH2 did not ship with a working lamphouse, and a new one would cost more than the scope itself. When I looked for aftermarket LEDs, I found some as much as $500! As a result, I decided to make my own LED solution that prioritizes cost while not sacraficing in performance. As opposed to using super bright LEDs that resemble car headlights that blind you at night, we use a LED with color temperature 4000K closely ressembly the ideal range of a halogen bulb, a warm white that isn't uncomfortable to look at while still not having a attention grabbing yellow hue. I also wanted it to see polished, as opposed to having a bulk external brick and controller for dimming. A secondary goal was to make it compact and "feel integrated" connected to the body of the scope. The electronics are the most specialized part, so I tried my best to make them universal in case someone without a BH2 also has a failing halogen lamp and is looking for a complete LED overhaul. The AC/DC conversion is handled by a external USB-C power supply for safety reasons and compatability so you will not need your old transformer or need to touch any dangerous mains voltages.

Once done prototyping and verifying that the parts have long term reliability, I have around 8 extra boards with the parts needed I am willing to give away for free apart from shipping cost, hoping that this project expands to scopes other than the BH2. Please email me if you are interested in creating housings (3d printed) for other scopes at williamlin108@gmail.com

Our target release date for the first public revision of the board is 12/10/2025 (though I am already taking requests for board samples).

See the wiki for more specifics on the board revision I am currently working on and roadmap!

<img width="1080" height="1440" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3b50fc2e-781c-4789-bc70-f23d8e17e63b" />
<img width="1080" height="810" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/efcdaa27-3d55-4b47-819f-7d7c540fad8b" />



See the wiki for more details.
